Hey, Ken, how goes it?
It goes, Wolfe.
It'd be better if I hadn't start my
morning seeing that woman in there.
Alexx?
Hey.
It looks like someone was
thrown through the coffee table.
Yeah.
Looks like there was a wine
glass on the table, huh?
Its stem punctured right
through to her carotid artery.
This amount of blood,
I'd be willing to bet she
died of exsanguination.
So I'm guessing somebody grabbed her,
pushed her.
We might not have a murder weapon.
Hey, Ryan, will you help
me move her over just...?
Alexx, hold on one second.
Just, uh, don't touch her.
Don't put your hands on her.
I'm thinking of trying something.
What are you thinking?
You gonna fume this body
for prints, aren't you?
Right here.
Well, you know,
I could dust the whole room and
get a list of suspects who...
maybe were in here.
But what I need
is a suspect who made
physical contact with her.
Don't give me the hard sell, Wolfe.
Just do what you gotta do
before I whisk her away.
Thank you, Alexx.
Not bad for a makeshift fuming chamber.
I've popped a few tents in my day.
Ryan!
Oh, crap!
I'll go get a fire
extinguisher, all right?
Hurry, Ryan, those glue
fumes are flammable!
Hey, this place is full of ammonia!
We got to get out of here! Let's go!
You two okay?
We're both a little crispy
around the edges, but yeah,
we're all right.
You know, I gotta tell you,
I don't know what happened.
That fuming tent was
fine when I checked it.
Okay,get yourself checked out.
I need you at full strength.
You know, I hate to ask, but what
about the body and the evidence?
The evidence
will never fail us.
This place smells like ammonia.
You know, Ryan and Alexx barely got out.
This could have been ugly.
The scene's all clear.
We got here before there
was too much damage.
Have you got any idea what caused it?
Yeah,it was a fully
operational meth lab.
This place was a ticking time bomb.
Can we get inside?
Sure,we got it under
control. It's all yours now.
Thanks.
There's our fuming tent.
It's melted directly onto her.
Well, there's the lab stuff.
Looks like she took second,
maybe third-degree burns.
So much for trace.
I don't know.
She was partially protected.
It doesn't look like the open
flames breached her backside.
Think we still may have a chance?
Until we try.
If she was a meth cook,
I'm not sure I have a
whole lot of sympathy.
I don't think we know
what she is at this point.
You got something else?
Yeah, Ryan's fuming tent
didn't start this fire.
What do you think it was?
Well, look at the char
on the wall socket.
It's cooked.
I think that's why the fan shorted out.
I'll call Delko.
Get him on it.
The circuit breakers are all taped open.
So when the power overloaded,
the breakers couldn't throw.
The electrical couldn't turn itself off.
I wonder if this is some
sort of an insurance scam.
Owner knew he had bad tenants, wanted
to kill two birds with one stone?
Possibly.
All right, let's see
who get's paid and I'll
call H.
So you're the one who torched my condo?
Sorry to disappoint you, Mr. Broyles,
but it was actually nothing like that.
Tell it to my attorney.
The girl that we found in the
torched condo's name is Rachel
Hemming, Mr. Broyles.
My God, it was her.
I can't believe it.
So she lived in your rental?
Yeah, she was a model tenant.
And living in a converted meth lab.
Did you give her a break on
the rent or just stiff-arm her?
Found a lot of glassware in there.
Enough to make a pound a week.
That's a,
that's pretty big business.
You overloaded the circuit
breaker to make your drugs,
and she was collateral damage.
Did you tamper with the electrical
system to deal with the power
overload?
I don't know what to tell you guys.
The girl paid her rent on time,
so I respected her privacy.
What, you gonna bust me
for not being more nosy?
Actually,it's called
"criminal homicide. "
Counting one,
two, three
drug-related priors here.
That was her apartment.
Those days are behind me.
Apparent not.
Oh,no-no-no-no-no.
Turn right back around,honey.
You gonna have to give me more time.
I mean,I haven't even had
a chance to examine her.
That's perfect 'cause I wanted
to catch you before you started.
Okay, what's up?
I usually don't see you
guys down here with a kit.
I wanted to see if the fuming tent had
a chance to do its job before it went up.
Well,
there wasn't a whole lot
the fire didn't touch.
Maybe a patch of skin that
came in contact with the floor.
All right, we'll start there.
Let me move her, all right?
You got it?
Got it.
Back this end up just a little bit.
Okay.
We got a partial print.
Really?
Looks like the fumes
did their job after all.
Cool.
Okay.
Hey,
Eric, what do you think that is?
That looks like a piece of plastic.
Think it's part of her clothing?
Looks like she wore it
underneath her clothing,
and whatever it was,the
fire melted it into her skin.
I have no idea what this is.
You guys are gonna have
to figure this one out.
Well, it's hidden in the last
place that someone would look.
If you ask me, I think it's a wire.
A wire?
So why was our baby girl bugged?
Maybe whoever left that print knows.
No!
I rushed in soon as
I got the phone call.
I'm not from the area.
Rachel's my sister.
What, you need me to
sign for her or something?
Post bail?
What'd she do this time?
Well,I was hoping
that you could tell me.
Your sister was killed this morning.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
I can't believe this is happening.
What am I gonna tell our parents?
Well, how about the truth?
That's what I'm looking for.
Zach, we found your
print on Rachel's body.
I'd never hurt her.
We have you in our system for assault.
Yeah, but that was for
stupid college stuff.
The two of you have a fight?
Not a "fight" fight. It wasn't...
Look, Rachel hasn't had an easy life.
She got in with the wrong crowd.
Our parents got her into rehab.
She ran away?
Yeah.
Three months ago.
I came down from Ohio.
I finally found her
and I tried to get her to come home.
- Rachel.
- Zach, what are you doing here?
I'm not leaving without you.
No, just leave.
You're coming with me.
No!
Is that how she fell?
She didn't fall.
She's tougher than that.
She slapped me.
Told me to get lost and...
that's what I did.
So you're saying
that you came all the
way down here from Ohio
to bring our sister back, she
told you to leave and you left?
What else could I do?
Well, I think we both know what.
Look, you're looking
at the wrong guy here.
I didn't come to Miami to kill anyone.
If you did,
you'll never leaving.
Hey, what you got?
Well, there's nothing on the wine
glass that punctured her neck, but...
that piece of metal Alexx found
on Rachel Hemming's body...
It's a recording device.
Really?
Well, maybe if the memory
card's still intact,
we could hear who killed her.
Yeah,dream on. It's just a transmitter.
Now
we'll be stuck trying to
figure out who it transmits to.
And it's a pretty tall order.
Always is.
But...
think I got some kind of serial
number here on the power source.
Let's take a closer look.
Group Three.
MFO.
Well, MFO stands for Miami Field Office.
Miami's got the most field offices of
any law enforcement
agency in the country.
Trying to find the right one,you
want to talk about a tall order?
Let's see.
That's the number.
I'm gonna put it in the
database, see if we get lucky.
I don't think you have to.
I actually know this office code.
How's that?
I used to work there.
- Lieutenant, Mike Farallon.
- Mike
- Natalia.
- Hey.
Have to admit it's strange
having you back in these offices.
I know.
- She was one of the best.
- Thanks.
I agree.
Why don't we go somewhere
a little more private?
So how can I help you?
Mike,we're here to talk
about Rachel Hemming.
We spoke to your ASAC.
And we know that she was your
confidential informant, Mike.
She was, yes.
I just heard.
It's a big loss for us.
She was your find?
Yeah, about three months ago
I picked her up for possession
with intent to distribute.
I could tell she wasn't a user,
so instead of locking her up,
I put her inside a meth
operation we were tracking.
30 grams, Rachel.
That's a felony possession
with intent to distribute.
You're looking at seven years
in a federal penitentiary.
You said you could get me out of it.
That's right.
I can make this whole thing
disappear into the ether.
What do I have to do?
Keep dealing.
Rachel's intel was taking us directly
to the operation's leadership.
What do you think happened to her?
I was supposed to meet her at a
warehouse downtown to get a report,but...
she never showed.
What about the surveillance audio?
She was wired.
It's the first thing I checked.
Unfortunately, the bug
wasn't transmitting.
Why do you think that happened?
I'm sorry, this is as far as I can go.
This is still an open investigation.
So is her murder, Mike.
So is her murder.
So, Ryan
torches this condo and he's not
here helping us sift through this
because...
Oh, come on, Eric,
that wasn't his fault.
Yeah, well, it would've been nice of
him to at least offer a little help.
Calleigh, you needed to see me?
Yes. I was wondering if you would
take those four cans of glass
that we got from the crime
scene and run them through DNA.
Every piece?
Yeah.
Yeah, we're gonna need it ASAP, okay?
Sure, and while I'm at it, I'll
find a way to end global warming
and finish that proof of the unified
field theory I've been working on.
Would it be inappropriate
if I asked you right now
if it was going to take
you more than an hour?
I know I'm a miracle worker, but
there is a lot of work
to be miracled here.
But I will get on it.
I'll send someone over to collect the
rest of the stuff as you go through it.
Thank you, Maxine.
All right, what have you got next?
A picture of Rachel Hemming.
But I don't know who the guy is.
I don't know. They
look awfully friendly.
Boyfriend, ex-boyfriend, maybe.
Whoever it is,I'm sure it's
someone we're gonna want to talk to.
Well, if you do that,you're gonna have
to pull his mug out of all that damage.
Check it out, there's
some writing on the back.
Can't make it out.
Well, maybe Ryan will
make himself useful in QD.
Well, I will deliver
it to him personally.
- Hey.
Just came in to get a peek at the
picture that Calleigh keeps talking about.
Yeah, I uploaded a digital version
into the image editor software
to recover what damage was done.
Does it one pixel at a time.
Thousands of color
combinations per second.
Get an accurate representation
of basically what we lost.
I know who that is.
- Who?
- Mike.
- Who's Mike?
- Mike Farallon. FBI.
Really?
Well, you're gonna love this.
You know, the handwriting that
was on the back of the photo?
Well, the ink's pigment was gone.
But the solvent was still on the paper.
Could you get any of the words to pop?
After 380 nanometers
of ultraviolet light...
you bet.
"Stay away or you'll get hurt. "
Well, that picture just became a threat.
Yeah, it looks like somebody's
still playing the old jealousy card.
Yeah, well, at least
I know where to start.
Mike, the FBI guy, right?
No.
His wife.
Is that your writing, Mrs. Farallon?
No.
We'll need a handwriting
sample to confirm that.
What's this about?
My husband.
Do you recognize the woman
that's in the picture with him?
I've never seen her before.
Her name's Rachel Hemming and
she was murdered this morning.
What, you suspect Mike?
We're investigating all the angles.
Mike and I married young.
We made, uh...
adjustments.
Mike's an undercover agent.
He's forced to live in two worlds, so...
we have an understanding.
And what is that?
What he does when he's out
of the house is his business.
He keeps a roof over our heads,
our kids go to good schools,
and, uh, when he comes home...
he belongs to me.
You make that sound so simple.
It's anything but.
Can you account for your
whereabouts in the last 24 hours?
I was home with my family.
And you can prove that?
Check it out for yourself.
Thanks for coming in.
She has an alibi, so I'm
gonna go check it out.
There's something wrong, Ms. Boa Vista.
Well,evidently, the Farallons have a
marriage of convenience and she just...
tolerates the infidelity.
So he has a history.
Three years ago when I was
working with Mike at the bureau,
I found out that he was
sleeping with an informant
and I confronted him.
And he asked me to keep it quiet.
And what did you do?
I did.
Now I wish I'd had the
guts to tell the bureau.
Are you willing to do that now?
Yeah, I am.
The original informant,are
we in touch with her?
can be.
Bring her in.
You've seen awhile.
- How you been?
- Good.
You know I didn't bring you in here
to chat about the lat few years, right?
So, I'm guessing this is about Mikey.
Yeah.
Agent Farallon.
Did you know he had a new C.I.?
Hell, yeah.
Told me he needed a fresh face
to stay ahead of the bad guys.
So he cut me loose, and brought in
this cute little number to replace me.
I'm guessing that bothered you.
Mikey and I spent a
lot of time together.
I was his eyes and ears.
I made nice with some of...
the craziest meth
dealers in Miami-
All for him.
I did everything he asked me to do.
I know you did.
Everything.
The more I risked my life for him,
the more he had to rush in to save me.
I thought he and I had something.
So you paid a little
visit to Rachel Hemming?
Yeah.
I did.
I wanted her to know that
she was only temporary.
Mikey doesn't care about you.
What? Who are you?
I'm your mirror to the past.
Three months ago, I was you.
It's not like that at all.
Really?
Are you sure about that?
It's a copy
for you.
The original's for his wife.
Why are you doing this to me?
It's for your own good.
Mikey...
is a piece of work.
I bet he gave her the same, um...
safe word that he gave me.
"Together. "
And what is that-what's
"together", what does it mean?
For when you're in danger.
You say the word, and then
Agent Mike
can burst in and save the day.
Like in one of those romance novels.
I cannot believe that I fell for that.
Can I go?
You had physical contact
with a murder victim,
so until we figure out how
this whole story's going to end,
I need you to stay close.
All right.
You talked to Jane?
She's obsessed. How could you
give what she says any credence?
That's the thing about a C.I.,
you have to believe what
they say or they're useless.
Then we confirm with hard data.
I was not sleeping with Rachel Hemming.
I'm married, B.V.
You know, there's a real
problem when the informant
is more reliable than you are.
How deep did you get with Rachel?
Depends who you ask.
She's dead, and you're
the only one left.
What are you implying?
Just what everybody
else is thinking, Mike,
that she had more of your
secrets than anyone else's.
You know me, Natalia.
Rachel was too critical
to our objective.
You know, work has always come first.
I really hope that's true, Mike.
'Cause, you know, you're
running out of time and excuses.
Hey... Alexx, what are you doing up here?
I'm afraid it's not good news.
What is it?
I found more than glass
in Rachel Hemming's body.
There was a fetus.
She was pregnant.
Yeah, about ten to 12 weeks along.
Who's the father?
DNA's working on it right now.
One death just became two.
Catch this monster, Calleigh.
Catch this one.
Hey, is Valera still working on that
glass from the Rachel Hemming's case?
Yeah, but she's pretty swamped.
So I thought I'd jump
in and lend a hand.
Okay, 'cause I just ran
into Alexx in the hall.
She told me Rachel was pregnant.
Did she bring you the foetal tissue?
Yeah.
I'm running that sample for a
familial match right now through CODIS.
And then I'm going to compare
it to Mike Farallon's file.
His track record with his confidential
informants is questionable...
at best.
I'm just hoping that he
didn't make another mistake.
For his sake.
Look at that, it's not Mike.
But it does match another
elimination sample.
Zach Hemming.
Her brother?
Zach,
why was Rachel pregnant with your baby?
She's your sister.
Stepsister.
By marriage only.
Her father, my mom
we weren't related.
But you have the same name.
No, we don't.
Rachel's last name is Desmond.
When she came to Miami, she used
my father's name to hide out.
And that's what you
used to track her down?
Yeah.
Look,
we were 18 when our parents got married.
We lived in the same house
a room apart.
Things just...
sort of happened.
We tried to cut things off,
but then she got pregnant.
And you agreed to keep the baby?
She was afraid of...
what our parents might think,
so that's why she left.
I went after her so she
didn't have to face it alone.
You can't live like this, Rachel.
You can't raise a kid like this.
I have someone else, Zach.
Someone to take care of me and the baby.
Just go.
Go home, Zach!
It took me three months to find her.
I was so frustrated.
She left me powerless.
How frustrating?
Did you kill her?
I know I don't have enough
money to support a family,
but it would have been better
than the life she was living.
I saw the drugs.
She needed help.
- Zach...
- No, I didn't... I didn't hurt her.
Even if I couldn't be
part of their life...
I would never hurt her.
Lieutenant Caine?
You have a moment?
Of course I do, Glen.
You questioned one of my agents today.
Mike Farallon.
We're investigating the murder
of one of your informants.
I'd like to ask you to
back off of Agent Farallon.
He's hiding something.
That's his job, Lieutenant.
We were four hours from a
major drug bust this morning.
Till Rachel Hemming's
murder got in the way.
Agent Farallon,
the Bureau, is hanging
but a thread on this one.
We cannot afford to overreact.
Was he recording surveillance
at the time of her death, Glen?
I have no idea what you're getting at,
but whether he was or not, I
have no reason to doubt him.
Are you aware they
were having an affair?
The Bureau is willing to forgive
any of Farallon's transgressions
if it means bringing down the largest
organized meth operation in South Florida.
I'm going to need the
name of her target.
No chance, Lieutenant.
You'll know who he is
when we make the arrest.
And as for Agent Farallon...
I need you to back off
until we make those arrests.
Hey, Glen...
If I find out that he
got this girl killed,
I'm going to get him.
So, how is it going with the
glass from the crime scene?
Let me guess- they
all match the victim.
Yeah. Rachel Hemming
lost a lot of blood.
Needle in a haystack.
These are all victim's, victim...
This one's XY.
That's male. That's not our victim.
Guess there was a needle after all.
Let me run it against
our reference samples.
Jeremy Broyles?
That's Rachel's landlord.
H, listen, I think you're gonna
want to revisit one of our suspects.
Broyles owns the whole building.
- I've got all entrances and exits blocked off.
- Okay.
Lieutenant, over here.
Bingo, Frank.
Here we go.
You smell that, Frank?
Yeah. Meth lab.
Miami-Dade PD!
- Can I help you?
- Is your landlord here?
No, sorry...
Jeremy!
You've got the wrong guy.
Get down on the ground, Jeremy.
You've got the wrong guy,man.
Jeremy, get down on the ground.
You got the wrong guy,man.
We found your blood in
Rachel Hemming's apartment.
I'm the landlord.
I'm in these units all
the time making repairs.
You're under arrest for murder.
Hook him up.
H.
I got something.
A piece of glass.
Conchoidial fracture, bevel surface.
Same as the victim's coffee table.
I don't know how that got there.
Have a seat here, please.
So we got you at the crime scene. Right?
We have the crime scene on you.
I don't think things
could be any more clear.
Let me clarify something else for you.
That bitch deserved what she got.
In my business...
loyalty
is everything.
Something seemed off about her.
Then it hit me.
She never, not once,
tested our product.
Somebody got to you.
What?
A cop?
We're together on this.
You hear me?
Together.
Okay.
Then we share this.
Come on, Jeremy, not today.
Why not, baby?
Why won't you take a hit?
We've got that deal later. I
just want to keep a clear head.
- You're lying to me, baby.
- No.
- Yes, you are. You're a narc, aren't you?
- No! You don't understand!
No! Don't!
Didn't anybody ever teach
her the rules of the game?
Blend in.
She takes the hit...
she lives to see another day.
You know what was off about her?
What?
She was pregnant.
So not only,Jeremy, did
you kill a new mother...
you killed her unborn child.
Live with that.
Oh, Miss Boa Vista.
I understand you closed
the Rachel Hemming case.
We did. We arrested Jeremy
Broyles for her murder.
Why? Are you here to tell us that
we screwed up your investigation?
Hardly.
Turns out you guys chopped
off the head of the snake.
We got panicked meth dealers
looking for new product.
Fish in a barrel.
That's great. Is that for us?
Oh, yeah.
I pulled all the audio files
off Agent Farallon's computer.
Anything of interest?
I haven't had a chance to hear it, but
now that you got Broyles for murder,
it's probably a moot point anyway.
Maybe not.
What do you mean?
Want to come with me?
Sure.
So this is all of
Agent Farallon's files?
Everything that Rachel
Hemming's wire picked up
while she was his CI
on the Broyles case.
It all pertains to our drug op.
What do youneed?
That.
That proves that Farallon lied.
What are you talking about?
Well,he said that he didn't get any
transmission from Rachel this morning.
Well,no,she died before
he got the chance.
Then explain this last date.
December 17,9:38 a. m.
That was this morning.
Right before she was murdered.
Jeremy,hey. Didn't expect
you this early. What's up?
My guys tell me you've
been asking questions.
Questions? About what?
Everything. Stuff you
don't need to know.
Paranoid much, Jeremy?
You should lay off your own tweak.
Somebody got to you.
What?
A cop?
We're together on this.
You hear me?
Together.
Things were about to go sideways.
Why would he stop recording?
He knew her real well.
She's done this before. Maybe
he didn't sense a threat.
No,no. He knew that there was a threat
because she said the word "together. "
- Together?
- That was their safe word.
That was the same safe word he used
with his last C.I., Jane Duncroft.
If that was the safe word,
he should have helped her.
Yeah, he should have.
But I think he wanted her dead.
What's this about?
Natalia?
I've run hundreds of interrogations.
You think I don't know that stare?
Just cut to the chase.
I'll
do th-
you sat back and did nothing
while your confidential
informant was murdered.
How does that grab you?
Listen up.
Both of you.
I'm here as a courtesy, okay?
So don't think for a second
that I'm gonna put up with your
penny-ante local PD nonsense,okay?
You guys are way out of
your league, here, man.
Is that a fact?
We have the tape from this morning.
Rachel was
a great C.I.
All her work was about to pay off.
Ourwork.
I had no idea Broyles was onto her.
She did,and that's why
she tried to contact you.
You sat there. You listened.
She said the safe word
and you did nothing.
All to cover up your affair.
I...
figured when the case
was over, so were we.
I'd let her go
and that'd be that.
Yeah, and then she told
you she was pregnant.
Listen, my wife...
my, my job...
if that got out, I would
have lost everything.
Jeremy, hey. Didn't expect
you this early. What's up?
My guys tell me you've
been asking questions.
Questions? About what?
Everything. Stuff you
don't need to know.
Paranoid much, Jeremy?
You should lay off your own tweak.
Somebody got to you.
What?
A cop?
We're together on this.
You hear me?
Together.
And in that moment,I saw
my life in fast-forward.
I knew how everything would play out.
Not everything.
She may have been pregnant,
but it wasn't your child.
What?
That's not true.
That istrue,Agent, and
DNA has confirmed it.
You were so busy with your investigation
you forgot that she was a human being.
They...
were human beings.
Not bad, for a couple of
penny-ante locals, huh?
Why don't I feel better about this?
You took a dangerous man off thstreet.
Should have done it three years ago.
Sometimes it takes that long.
Tell that to Rachel Hemming.
You know...
there's a way you could honor her life.
How is that?
Forgive yourself.
You've earned it, Natalia.
Take it.